The proposed model in this application forecasts whether to accept or reject the null or alternate hypothesis in every case. The practice of Hypothesis Testing in Chronic Heart 
Failure is not a very prevalent research study.  This study used datasets from three different resources to take in the data and foresee if each of the datasets gave a Null or 
Alternate Hypothesis. The information was taken from BIDMC Congestive Heart Failure Database, HealthData (an official website of United States Government), and from the National 
Vital Statistics System (NVSS) – National Cardiovascular Disease Surveillance Data of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) of the United States. 

The first dataset contains long-term ECG recordings from 15 subjects (11 men, aged 22 to 71, and 4 women, aged 54 to 63) with severe congestive heart failure. The individual 
recordings are each about 20 hours in length of time and comprise two ECG signals each tested at 250 samples per second with 12-bit resolution over a range of ±10 millivolts. 
This dataset was attained in the form of 15 separate datasets, one for each patient. 

The second dataset comprises hospitalization counts and rates, state-wide and by county, for 10 ambulatory care sensitive situations plus 4 composite measures. Hospitalizations 
due to these medical conditions are possibly avoidable through access to high-quality outpatient care. The conditions include: diabetes short-term complications; diabetes 
long-term complications; chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) or asthma in older adults (age 40 and over); hypertension; heart failure; community-acquired pneumonia; 
urinary tract infection; uncontrolled diabetes; asthma in younger adults (age 18-39); and lower-extremity amputation among patients with diabetes. The composite measures include 
overall acute conditions, chronic conditions, and diabetes (new, 2016). These statistics deliver a decent initial point for evaluating quality of health services in the public.

The third dataset is appropriated from NVSS, a protected, web-based data management system that amasses and distributes the United States’ official vital statistics. This is one
of the datasets provided by the National Cardiovascular Disease Surveillance System. Gauges from this data source have been calculated by employees in CDC's Division for Heart
Disease and Stroke Prevention (DHDSP). The system is designed to accommodate multiple indicators from many data sources to deliver a complete image of the public health problem 
of CVDs and related risk factors in the United States. The data are organized by location (national and state) and indicator; NVSS mortality data includeCVDs (e.g., heart failure).
The data can be observed by temporal tendencies and stratified by age group, sex, and race/ethnicity. 
